Question 45 pts
In a company, there are exactly N managers and M subordinates. Each of these managers manage arbitrary number of subordinates. 
However, each subordinate is managed by exactly one manager. For each subordinate, you are given the subordinate's name and age.

We need to print the name of the manager and the name and age of the subordinates that he/she manages.
However, there is a catch here. We need to print the list of manager in the Lexicographical order of their names and each manager should contain a list of sub-ordinates he/she manages.

In addition, the subordinates appearing in individual managers list should appear in the Increasing order of their Age.

Note: Lexicographic or lexicographical order is a generalization of the way words are alphabetically ordered based on the alphabetical order of their component letters.

Input Format
The first line contains two integers N and M denoting the number of managers and the number of subordinates respectively.
Each of the next N lines contain a single string denoting a manager’s name.
It is guaranteed that each manager's name shall be unique.
The next M lines contain 2 Strings and an Integer - denoting the manager's name, a subordinate's name being managed by that manager and that subordinate's Age. 
It is guaranteed that each subordinate's name shall be unique and shall appear only once in the Input.

Output Format

Your output should:
Print N+M lines.
Print the manager's name first and then the name and age of each subordinate managed by that manager.
The list of each manager should appear in order of their lexicographical rank in comparison to all other managers.
 For example, the list of the manager with the lexicographically smallest name should appear first, then the list of the manager with the 2nd smallest lexicographical name and so on.
The subordinates in a manager's list should appear in increasing order of their age.

Constraints
1<= N<=1000
1<= M < 107
1<= Age of each subordinate <= 106
1<= length of subordinate & manager name <=35
Strings are case-sensitive. For example, string ’learner’ & ‘Learner’ are different.
The Name of each manager and subordinate will consist of lower-case alphabets only.
It is guaranteed that no two subordinates of the same age shall appear in the same manager's List.
 

Hint: You need to use Comparable Interface here.

Sample Test Cases

Sample Input
3 4
robin
peter
kelvin
robin eric 21
kelvin john 22
peter bob 19
robin tourist 19

Sample Output
kelvin
john 22
peter
bob 19
robin
tourist 19
eric 21

Expected Solution Format: You need to paste the Java code executed to perform this task